docs/index.md, before:

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/robstoll/niok/edit/master/docs/index.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/robstoll/niok/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

switch to new dokka plugin, build.gradle.kts and publish docs

docs/index.md, after:

[![Download](https://api.bintray.com/packages/robstoll/tutteli-jars/niok/images/download.svg)](https://bintray.com/robstoll/tutteli-jars/niok/_latestVersion)
[![Apache license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202.0-brightgreen.svg)](http://opensource.org/licenses/Apache2.0)

# Niok - java.nio.file for Kotlin

Niok provides a Kotlin idiomatic API for java.nio.file (the package for non-blocking I/O file operations).
We believe that using `Files` decreases readability => extension functions to the rescue 😏

Next to providing delegations to `Files` it also delegates to Kotlin's built-in extension functions for `File` and
provides additional functions.

# Installation

Niok is published to maven central, jcenter and [bintray](https://bintray.com/robstoll/tutteli-jars/noik).
Following an example if you use gradle and jcenter:

```
repositories { jcenter() }
dependencies {
    implementation 'ch.tutteli.niok:niok:1.4.1'
}
```

# Documentation

Visit [/kdoc](https://robstoll.github.io/niok/kdoc)
